---
slug: 0.6.3-beta1
title: 0.6.3-beta1
authors: [zordak]
tags: [changelog, beta, added, changed, removed, fixed]
---
# [0.6.3-beta1] - 2025-21-12

## Added

- Add RegionSpatialCache to index regions in the world based on sub-chunks (sections).
- Add PlayerPosTracker to track the position of players
- Add RegionEvent.PlayerEnter. It is fired when a player enters a Local Region
- Add RegionEvent.PlayerLeave. It is fired when a player leaves a Local Region
- Add default title message which is displayed when a player enters/leaves a Local Region. This will be customizable in the future.
- Add `yawp-features.toml` config to enable/disable features.
- Add config setting to enable player tracker in `yawp-features.toml`
- Add config setting to log detailed event info in `yawp-logging.toml`
- Levels (Dimensional Regions and Local Regions for that level) now need to be tracked to be recognized by YAWP.
- Add command `/yawp global track <level>` to track a level so it can be protected like always.
- Add config setting to enable/disable the automatic tracking of Levels (Dimensional Regions and Local Regions for that level) in `yawp-features.toml`. Default is true which will work like before.

<!-- truncate -->

## Changed

- Rename flag `xp-drop-all` to `drop-xp`. This now covers all xp dropping from players killing monsters.
- Rework saving to reduce performance impact.
- Commands no longer trigger saving of all data, instead specific to the level of the involved region.

## Removed

- Remove flags `xp-drop-player`, `xp-drop-other`, `xp-drop-monsters`. This is covered by `drop-xp`.
- Remove flag `trample-farmland-other`. This is covered by `trample-farmland`.

## Fixed

- Fix NPE when updating tp anchor position.
- Fix cuboid area not being normalized causing issues with recognizing players entering/leaving.
- Fix visualization not being updated when updating region area
- Fix visualization not being removed when removing regions.
- Fix spammy output when saving region data - should be less verbose now.
- Fix NPE when saving region data causing crashes-
